"Firebase Cloud Functions for backend operations in the Southern Realms project"
5/15
god i wish i had a job.
got it to add players! not sure it is, no, i know it isn't making the class.  but i have enough data to init the player and gamesession.

you can't put a null or empty object onto realtime.  you have to push a thing.  that was annoying

UCF Effects:
    need to decide on immunity.
    acceptable loss: needs a way to deactivate itself ya heard.


// need an aftereffects await that happens before score.  teleporter needs it to update the previous next id's and all that
// acc loss needs it for deactivating the last card

okay, TELEPORTER goofed up the previous ojb stuff.  it is time for the other update phase.

yeah, it is time for the post card update.  secondary update before score is calculated.  do clean up stuff

// teleporter works correctly with nanobots because it thinks its a card.   not sure if thats bad.  it might be fine lol

//for venice, what if you had a card that let you could play anywhere (any order) on the field, and you could play cards of 2 or less on it.  you could
play a healer boy on it?

//44 is sacr 2 it is in goldboys put in bloody

new shit.
blood boys requires stacking on stacking.  also requires 1 from hand (with restriction) and 1 from play area (decide which goes first, maybe highlight
which can be tripled, idk)
sang generator has a restriction too.
sacr can pay for it.  difficult to set up.

make stacking work in other play areas.

msrv future effects: boom.  disable next card played by each player.  voc will have to do this.  the card needs to go into, something, have a way to
select cards, and apply their effects.  voc can do it and it stays in it, no real removal criteria.  boom will have removal criteria.
i like that.  residualEffects on the game object.  in resolve there is something that loops through it and sees what it needs to do, work as effect.
boom would say are you not immune, okay deactivate.  then, in second action it could remove itself? or something?

novo, selecting players.  works for the negative boy (play it there) and select who to return their hand (can select yourself).
teleporter boys have a residual effect, whenever turrets are played their player counts those and gets that bonus.

could you do persitingEffects to get the right functionality with the saints (mskv0w), in the second update it removes any applied effects? that c
ould be right.

takes care of rams too.  run the same function in persist as when you play.

last for 3 turns works.  remove at end of 3 turns. whitch hunter, select a players card to deactivate. part of persist is to let them select a players card?
voc persistence works.  add an applied effect? to the incoming card unless immune?

chatgpt has ideas for persistingEffects.

i think the second update removes itself? when it is time?

nano bots don't work with turn order.  if you play it on something the real last thing is not available to turrets, it thinks nano bots is in the spot.

boom persist.  it is running each time, yay, just gotta fix the rules.  return userids if necessary, and also we need to get the playing player vs the
persisting card player.

saint works!!

next???
voc effect